In this lecture we're going to go ahead and add some text to our sign.
So we want to find a really cool typeface to type our message in.
So a really good place you can go to to find typeface is a Web site called define That's da f o n t.
I'll the link to this.
After this lecture.
Now if you're going to be building graphics for a game that are going to be used commercially you need
to be careful when finding typefaces on the phone.
There are always commercial free use.
So you need to make sure that their licensing says that you're allowed to use it in commercial projects.
So let's go ahead and let's go to their Web site so see here.
They have a whole bunch of really interesting fonts you can choose from.
None of these are the ones we want to choose from.
You'll see here at the top.
They have all these different categories.
And so where we're going to be going is to the cartoons but just see here they have all these different
types of typefaces.
We can have a look at another category.
Let's try looking at destroyer you know see you get these really cool fonts but the one we want to do
is in cartoon and I've already pulled it up.
It's called chlorine are.
I think that's how you say it.
So you can go out and search that and this will come up once you find it what you're going to want to
do is you're going to want to come over here to download.
And we're going to hit download them down here.
Once that loads going to go ahead and open it and you're going to open up this true type font file.
So double click that and open and then you're just going to hit install.
Now I've already installed this on my computer so I'm not going to reinstall it but for you you're going
to go ahead and install that once it's installed.
It's just going to automatically put it into Photoshop for you.
And now we can use it.
So how do you add text in Photoshop.
Well we use this text tool right here that looks like a T.
And then we can go ahead and click and drag and create a text box like so that we can go ahead and type
whatever we want in there.
So I'm going to type a message that says get as many coins as possible.
Now obviously this is not the font we want and it's also not the color.
So the first thing we're going to do is we're going to select it and then we're going to come up here
to where the pink is now for you it might be set to a different color.
But that's just the color of your font.
So we're going to go ahead and click that and we can drag this to wherever we want to in the color spectrum
and get it to be whatever color we like.
Now I'm just going to drag it down to my blacks and hit OK.
Next I'm going to change the font type.
So up here where I have my font type drop down I have it set to Arial right now.
I want to set that to my new font.
And so if we remember what it's called chlorine are.
And then we can go ahead and search that in our font search bar.
So we're going to start typing it in.
C h l o.
I think there is.
And so then I'm just going to put my down arrow key to get to it and then hit enter.
So now we have our font.
Next we want to enlarge it just a little bit.
So I'm going to select it again.
Then come over to my character window over here.
Now if you don't have a character option over here you want to turn it on by coming up to window and
then coming down to where it says character.
Then you'll have a character window over here and you'll be able to change your characters.
So what we want to do is we just want to enlarge the size just a little bit.
So maybe talk about their perfect next.
Let's go ahead and grab them move tool and move this down.
Now I want to change something based off of my design preferences.
But if you're working on a project or someone else you may not be able to do this because they've already
given you the copy for what it's supposed to say.
But since I'm not limited to those rules I'm going to go ahead and type in their try.
Now the reason why I did that is because my as in my other as were lining up kind of funny and it made
it the design really bad.
So that's why I added that try and there are two space all of this out.
A little bit more
then I'm also going to play with the distance between the two lines of text.
So right here were these two A's or one above the other.
I can go ahead and drag them back and forth like so that allow me to give more distance there.
So I'm going to bring it to it out there.
I can also play with the distance between each letter by coming up here where it says V.A that will
change that distance.
So don't keep it at about 10.
Next what we want to do is we want to select the shape of our font face.
Now we're not going to do this by actually clicking on the thumbnail because what we could do is we
can hit control or command and select thumb no.
And that would select or shape.
But the problem with that is that the inside of our font face is hollow and we want to fill that in
with white.
And so right now we can't really fill it in.
And if we invert the selection it's going to fill everything out here as well as inside of our lettering.
So what we want to do is we want to use a tool called the wand tool.
So up here right underneath our marquee tool and next to our lasso tool is a tool called the wand tool.
Now if you're not on the magic wand tool it's because you have selected the quick selection tools so
make sure you have the one tool selected.
And then what we're going to do is we're just going to click on the outside of our text and see it selects
everything on this outside area.
Then we also want to select the inside of these holes.
So I'm going to zoom in there.
And the way I can do that is by holding down shift on my keyboard and then clicking within the space
and by holding down shift that allows us to add selections to this already made selections so I can
do it here also and I can add as many of those as I need.
So there's also a horde there
and I think we got them all great.
Let's go ahead and zoom out next.
Let's invert our selection by hitting control shift I command shift II and then we're going to add a
new layer underneath our text layer then using the color white.
I'm going to go ahead and fill that in like so.
So now we have that nice white feel inside of our text.
Now I missed a few spots over here.
So what I can do is I can just go ahead and zoom in there I'm using my restall I can go ahead and erase
that area away.
Great.
See that looks awesome.
Next one I want to do is I want to add a dropdown shadow on this text.
So we're going to do is we're going to come over to our layer that has the white text on it.
We're going to come down to effects and then come down to drop shadow then we're going to get this panel
and first off what we want to do is we want to change our capacity to about 75 percent and then we're
going to change the size to a pretty small size somewhere about there.
And we want to turn the speed up so we get a really hard edge all the way up to 98 percent and then
we're going to bring down the size a little bit more.
So that's a little bit too big so similar about there should be good.
So I have it set at 6 pixels for the side and 96 percent for the speed next.
Let's go ahead and select a different colors.
I want to select this black and let's change it to a dark brown.
In fact if we come out over here you can see we can select from our document.
So let's select our darkest color that we have out there and then let's make that just a little bit
darker.
Perfect.
So okay.
And then right here it says disinterest.
We're going to move that out so it comes a little bit underneath our text length so now you can also
change the angle at which you were cast shadows going to be Kassa if I turn this you'll see it moves
it over to that side.
Or if I move under it's going to move up to the top.
So we want to keep that.
So it's at 90 degrees.
Awesome.
Once we have the all set up correctly we can go ahead and hit OK.
And now we have our son.
Now let's go ahead and see how this looks in a background from Ray man.
So let's select all of our players make a copy.
Let's merge those layers together.
So now we have one flattened version of her song.
Now we can select the rest and put them into a folder.
So we still have those layers in case we ever want to change things then we can click or layer and drag
it in to our background document.
And then I can shrink it down just a little bit.
I think we did a pretty good job at replicating the style of Raimon.
Now rereading this I realize it doesn't make any sense because it says try get as many coins as possible.
So I apologize for that and I hope you can forgive me.
I hope you guys enjoyed working on this project and I look forward to seeing him in the next lecture.
Thanks for watching.